Pass up to related work (#274)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve: draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve.md

  3. -(3 * Z^2 + 4 * A) / (4 * g(Z)) is square in F.
  4. At least one of g(Z) and g(-Z / 2) is square in F.

Sign of y: Inputs u and -u give the same x-coordinate for many values of u, so

> sgn0(y) == sgn0(u).

Reviewer: The "we set" made clear that this was a decision, whereas the proposed wording feels like it implies that "sgn0(y) == sgn0(u)" follows from "u and -u give the same x-coordinate". Is it possible to recover the explicit we-made-this-decision statement?

Author: Yep, that's fine. I'll revert it.

  3. the polynomial g(x) - Z is irreducible over F, and
  4. g(B / (Z * A)) is square in F.

> Sign of y: Inputs u and -u give the same x-coordinate, so sgn0(y) == sgn0(u).

Reviewer: Same as prior comment---can we keep explicit that this is a decision?

Author: Same!

The mappings of {{mappings}} always output a point on the elliptic curve,
i.e., a point in a group of order h * r ({{bg-curves}}). Obtaining a point in G
may require a final operation commonly called "clearing the cofactor," which
takes as input any point on the curve and produces as output a point in the

> prime-order (sub)group of the curve.

Reviewer: "The prime-order (sub)group of the curve" reads like there's only one, but that might not be true. Would it make sense to make an explicit reference to G?

```suggestion
prime-order (sub)group G ({{bg-curves}}).
```

To mitigate such attacks, it is recommended to first execute a more costly key
derivation function (e.g., PBKDF2 {{!RFC2898}} or scrypt {{!RFC7914}}) on the password,
then hash the output of that function to the target elliptic curve.

> For domain separation, the hash underlying the key derivation function
> should be chosen according to the guidelines listed in {{domain-separation}}.

Reviewer: Hmm... I think the original intent of this sentence really was about collision resistance. For example, it wouldn't be great to use a hash with 160-bit output (i.e., 80-bit collision resistance) for a cryptosystem targeting 128-bit security.

On the other hand, not totally clear to me that domain separation is a huge issue here since H isn't being used as a random oracle and the password is secret from the adversary.

I think maybe it makes sense to keep "collision resistance" and fix the target of the link... thoughts?

```suggestion
For collision resistance, the hash underlying the key derivation function
should be chosen according to the guidelines listed in {{hashtofield-expand-xmd}}.
```

Author: It was the link that made me think we meant something else, so we can update it. That said, should we not *also* mention domain separation here, as any KDF will surely have a hash that likely ought to be domain separated, too.

Reviewer: Probably not necessary to use domain separation there because the input to the KDF is secret.

Author: Oh, that's a good point. Nevermind then!
